K and documentation these are the CDs supported formats.
So we're using a side gallery and link but we also have image quote status video audio and chat.
All right so you might want to take a look at that.
So go ahead and save this.
And since we put that in there if we go to our posts and let's say add new you'll now see we have this
format box on the side where we can choose what format we want for our post.
All right.
Now as it is it's not going to do anything different.
So let's say let's do an aside as a sample aside and let me just grab.
I'm going to grab some content we'll just take this.
And let's just paste that in.
OK we'll choose a side.
We'll choose business as a category and publish.
All right so if we go to our front end and reload you can see that we have our side but it's no different
than these post-K what the point of this is to have this show up differently.
All right.
Now the way we can do that is when we go to let's say Index where we put this get template part we want
to pass in a second parameter of get host format.
And that's a function.
And that's going to allow to see to see what type of what post format it is so we're going to go ahead
and just replace all that and get template parts with this with the second parameter.
So we want to go the archive piece that and go to search
and single.
Okay.
So now what we want to do is for each format we want to create a content files so let's say new file
and we're going to save this as content dash aside.
THP right will also create content Dasch gallery dog TGT
and finally content Dasch link dog fee.
OK so now these these different files we can make our formats look differently.
All right.
So let's start with the side case is going to be very simple.
We'll have an article tag will give us a class of post and also post a side.
All right.
I don't want to have any images or any other any of that stuff.
We just want the actual content and the author and date.
And I'm going to put this in a deal with the class of well which is a bootstrap class.
And here we're going to use a small tag and let's put in
the author OK and he can kind of think of this is like a status update and let's put the at sign and
then we'll do ph P the date
K and then right under it we'll put the content.
All right.
Just that's it.
So we'll save it and if we go back and reload it can see that this post has changed K because it's read
it's coming from this content side file.
Now I want to make this look a little better.
So what we'll do is go into our stylesheet and we'll go down to where we have the article stuff
and let's say Article dark coast side.
And actually we don't want to do the core element we want the small.
I just want to make this text bold.
Also a font we polled.
We also want to format the well
.
So for this I just want to change the background from gray to a blue light.
Hello.
So this will be easier though he f c and I just want to add some padding.
All right so take a look at that and I can see that that's formatted differently.
So that takes care of aside.
Now let's do the link.
OK so we'll go into content linked up Peachtree and let's copy what we have in a site.
Right.
And then what we'll do is change changes to the link and we're going to keep the world class.
And I but this is going to be different.
So we're going to get rid of that.
We're going to put in a tag and then this is going to go to pee pee we're going to see ph P echo
get the content
right.
And then in here we want to echo
the title and that's it.
And now if we go back into our post we say add new this time we're going to choose a wink and then up
here will say let's say get us some web dev courses at Edgewater X..
And then and here we just want to put a link
.
Right.
And that's it.
So you go ahead and say publish and go back and reload and you can see we have a link which goes to
you want to start up.
We want to format that to look a little better.
So we're going to go back here and say Doc post the link.
Actually we just want the we're all going to say the background
background is going to be just like gray and we'll say padding 10 pixels.
OK so now we have formatted like I said we have our regular post we have a side content or status updates
and we have links.
So that's what we're going to look at is the gallery.
So let's go to a content gallery Doppie H-P and this is actually going to be very simple.
We're going to do article class host host gallery
and all we want here.
We want to do an age to save a title
and then we just want the content
and that's it.
All right.
Now what we'll do is go to add new post.
Now I want to go to add media and then create gallery.
All right so we have some images in here but I want to upload some more.
And you should have these in your files and we just.
OK so I'm going to upload some of these.
And
so that's what five that's fine.
We're just going to click all of these images and say create actually before you do that.
Yeah.
Create a new gallery and then you want to make sure that all of these are in there.
And see that's good.
And then insert gallery and make sure the galleries chosen on over here on this side.
Put this in entertainment and say publish.
All right so let's go back and reload and there's our gallery and if we want to edit it we can go back
in and you can choose this pencil icon here and you can edit right now.
Right now they're linked to go to the attachment page.
But I want them to actually go to the media file.
All right
OK so when you click on them it's just going to go to the image file.
You can change that.
You can have it go to a media to a page or you could implement some kind of Lightbox plug in if you
want it to as well but we're not going to get into that.
OK.
Now what I want to do here is go to my CSSA file and we want to just add some styles.
They are called Door post gallery and we're going to add a dark background
and color will be white.
We're going to add some padding say five 10 and then margin top to be five.
OK.
So I'd say that and reload.
And there you go.
OK so now we can post a gallery.
All right so that's going to do it for post formats.
I will see you in the next video